Brother, I crave the forbidden lamp. Seek not the lamp, brother, heed not its light. Brother, the light calls to me, it calls to us all. You must resist it, brother, the light is the call of death. I know, brother, and yet I long for it. I desire its forbidden touch. You cannot touch it, brother! I know this. I too once followed the call of the forbidden lamp. I too once thought to touch the eternal and unknowable light. It is folly. Indeed. And yet you live. You touch the forbidden lamp and yet return to life among mere mortals. I find your words implausible, brother. Hear me, brother! I did not touch the lamp. No one can. It is farther than infinity, more distant than life from death. I flew up and up, beyond what I imagined possible, until my wings failed me and my strength was utterly spent. The light burned so brightly, I strained to touch it, but it never got any closer. And then I fell, brother. I fell for ages, the wind carrying me where it willed, spiraling downward with no control nor any care for my destination. And the lamp retreated from me, as if in mockery of my futile struggle, and left me in darkness. When I awoke, I was on the ground, and I do not know how I survived. But I saw them, brother. Others of our kind, their bodies broken under the weight of their hubris. Their wings torn and scattered upon the blades of the green. None had touched the forbidden lamp. None ever will. Your story reveals your weakness, brother. Your trepidation prevailed and the lamp rejected you. I do not fear the light as you do. Where others have faltered, I will succeed. I will be the first to touch the forbidden lamp and bathe in the eternal glory of its light. Perhaps when I become one with the divine, I will remember you, trapped as you are in your mortal frailties. No, brother! Please, reconsider what you're doing. The lamp is a fire that burns body and soul. Even if it could be touched, it would not make you as it is. It would simply destroy you even so I can no longer resist its call brother If I go to death or immortality either way, this is all final parting Forgive me brother for leaving you thus I Forgive your fears as they are born of love if you love me brother, then forsake this mad quest I cannot Remember me brother no No Fly, then, out of brotherhood, out of forgiveness, out of memory! What is a brotherhood to a shadow? What is a shadow but what is left behind in the light? I will not remember, and when I too become nothing, it will be as though you and I never were.
